Sun - Venus|conjunction|Y|Venus parallel or in conjunction with the Sun calls out the artistic side of the nature, making the person fond of music, art and poetry; it strengthens the love nature and if the configuration occurs in the Seventh House it is a positive testimony of unalloyed marital bliss. In the Second or Eight House it leads to extravagance of the person or his mate; in Scorpio it is not good for the morals and in Pisces it leads to intemperance. These aspects strengthen the constitution, increase the popularity and make social intercourse smooth so that the person has many friends and keeps them.
Sun - Mercury|conjunction|Y|Mercury parallel or in conjunction with the Sun. These are the only aspects formed between the two. They are good for the memory and mentality if Mercury is not closer to the Sun that three degrees, for then he is 'Combust' and his good qualities are burned up in the Sun's rays. It is most fortunate to have Mercury rise before the Sun at birth for he is the Lightbearer who holds the torch of reason before the Spirit which in the horoscope is symbolized by the Sun. When he rises after the Sun the mentality is not nearly so keen (unless other good aspects favor).
Sun - Moon|conjunction|Y|The Moon parallel or in conjunction with Sun. No matter in what sign or house the conjunction of the Lights occurs the person will be so strongly marked with the characteristics of that sign that lacking knowledge of this true Ascendant even the most competent astrologer is likely to be misled and judge him to be born with the sign rising in which the conjunction took place, and whatever matters are ruled by the House in which conjunction occurs will play a very important part in the life. In the First House he is an out and out egotist with very little love for others save in so far as they serve his ends; in the Seventh, his world pivots on the mate; in the Tenth House or sign he will sacrifice all other considerations to rise in public life; in the Twelfth House or sign the conjunction will give a strong tendency to drink, bringing trouble; in the Third and Ninth Houses it will brighten the mind and induce travel from which he will benefit; in the Second House it will bring wealth, especially if in good aspect with Jupiter. But if the conjunction of the Sun and Moon is closer than three degrees it has a tendency to deplete the vitality and if the conjunction is also a solar eclipse, and the child survives, this will be particularly noticeable, all through life. People who have such close conjunctions or eclipses become listless, dis-spirited and out of sorts every time there is a new Moon. The conjunction or eclipse does not seem to interfere with the good effects in other departments of life.
Sun - Moon|sextil|Y|The Moon sextile or trine to the Sun. The good aspects of the Sun and Moon make for general success in life, health, fair financial conditions, good home surroundings with faithful friends, and esteem in the community; they favor a rise in life because of the person's innate ability, which either gains for him the recognition of people in a position to help him rise, or impels him to carve his own way.
Sun - Moon|trine|Y|The Moon sextile or trine to the Sun. The good aspects of the Sun and Moon make for general success in life, health, fair financial conditions, good home surroundings with faithful friends, and esteem in the community; they favor a rise in life because of the person's innate ability, which either gains for him the recognition of people in a position to help him rise, or impels him to carve his own way.
Sun - Moon|quadrature|Y|The Moon square or opposition to Sun makes the person vacillating and unsettled in disposition, changeable and unable to pursue a settled course in life, rash to plunge into enterprises, but lacking the persistence or continuity of purpose to carry anything to a successful conclusion. For that reason such people become failures in life, especially in their dealings with women and people higher in the social scale such as employers, the authorities, judges, etc. They always have difficulty in obtaining employment and keeping their positions when they obtain them for they are hyper-sensitive and ready to take offense, with or without provocation. These configurations also affect the health, rendering the body liable to colds and making recuperation slow when sickness has overtaken the person.
Sun - Moon|opposition|Y|The Moon square or opposition to Sun makes the person vacillating and unsettled in disposition, changeable and unable to pursue a settled course in life, rash to plunge into enterprises, but lacking the persistence or continuity of purpose to carry anything to a successful conclusion. For that reason such people become failures in life, especially in their dealings with women and people higher in the social scale such as employers, the authorities, judges, etc. They always have difficulty in obtaining employment and keeping their positions when they obtain them for they are hyper-sensitive and ready to take offense, with or without provocation. These configurations also affect the health, rendering the body liable to colds and making recuperation slow when sickness has overtaken the person.
Sun - Saturn|sextil|Y|Saturn sextile or trine to Sun endows the person who is fortunate enough to so have it with some of the finest faculties in the gamut, for it brings out the best qualities in the two planets. It gives method, foresight and organizing, executive and diplomatic ability with the moral stamina to carry any project determined on to a successful conclusion despite delays and obstacles. Yet the person makes no enemies in so doing, for this configuration also makes him the soul of honor, kind and considerate; he would never stoop to do anything mean for he is very sincere and just in his dealings with all men, but on the other hand, when he believes a certain course of action to be right, he will never swerve therefrom through heaven and earth be moved against him. These aspects bring success in political or judicial positions also in connection with mining or agriculture. The person often benefits by legacy, but recognition and success are generally delayed till middle life.
Sun - Saturn|trine|Y|Saturn sextile or trine to Sun endows the person who is fortunate enough to so have it with some of the finest faculties in the gamut, for it brings out the best qualities in the two planets. It gives method, foresight and organizing, executive and diplomatic ability with the moral stamina to carry any project determined on to a successful conclusion despite delays and obstacles. Yet the person makes no enemies in so doing, for this configuration also makes him the soul of honor, kind and considerate; he would never stoop to do anything mean for he is very sincere and just in his dealings with all men, but on the other hand, when he believes a certain course of action to be right, he will never swerve therefrom through heaven and earth be moved against him. These aspects bring success in political or judicial positions also in connection with mining or agriculture. The person often benefits by legacy, but recognition and success are generally delayed till middle life.
Sun - Saturn|conjunction|Y|Saturn parallel, conjunction, square or opposition to the Sun has a very detrimental effect where the resistance is fundamentally low; in Gemini and Sagittarius it gives a tendency to tuberculosis. It does least damage in the fixed signs where resistance is greatest, but even there when sickness gets a grip on the person it hangs on like grim death, for it lessens the power of the body to throw off disease quickly, hence recuperation is very slow. These aspects are extremely adverse to that which is generally termed success, but they give an abundance of experience, so they are excellent from the standpoint of the soul. It may be truly said of the person who has them, that "the best-laid plans of mice and men gang aft agley," for no matter how carefully he may plan his affairs he will be subject to delays and obstacles which thwart his desires. His marriage is unhappy and is likely to end in divorce or early death of the partner. He had difficulty in finding and keeping employment, trouble with employers and authorities, a felling as if he were held in leash all his life and denied expression in any direction. These are the outward experiences but they are generated by the inner nature, and until that changes he must suffer the whiplash of necessity. In the first place he has a tendency to crawl into a shell and shut himself in and others out. He is a pessimist and a kill-joy, has little or no regard for the feelings of others and is very obstinate. In the horoscope of a woman such an aspect signifies marriage to one much older who will hold her with a very tight rein; it augurs death of the husband and often several marriages which are ended by death or divorce.
Sun - Saturn|quadrature|Y|Saturn parallel, conjunction, square or opposition to the Sun has a very detrimental effect where the resistance is fundamentally low; in Gemini and Sagittarius it gives a tendency to tuberculosis. It does least damage in the fixed signs where resistance is greatest, but even there when sickness gets a grip on the person it hangs on like grim death, for it lessens the power of the body to throw off disease quickly, hence recuperation is very slow. These aspects are extremely adverse to that which is generally termed success, but they give an abundance of experience, so they are excellent from the standpoint of the soul. It may be truly said of the person who has them, that "the best-laid plans of mice and men gang aft agley," for no matter how carefully he may plan his affairs he will be subject to delays and obstacles which thwart his desires. His marriage is unhappy and is likely to end in divorce or early death of the partner. He had difficulty in finding and keeping employment, trouble with employers and authorities, a felling as if he were held in leash all his life and denied expression in any direction. These are the outward experiences but they are generated by the inner nature, and until that changes he must suffer the whiplash of necessity. In the first place he has a tendency to crawl into a shell and shut himself in and others out. He is a pessimist and a kill-joy, has little or no regard for the feelings of others and is very obstinate. In the horoscope of a woman such an aspect signifies marriage to one much older who will hold her with a very tight rein; it augurs death of the husband and often several marriages which are ended by death or divorce.
Sun - Saturn|opposition|Y|Saturn parallel, conjunction, square or opposition to the Sun has a very detrimental effect where the resistance is fundamentally low; in Gemini and Sagittarius it gives a tendency to tuberculosis. It does least damage in the fixed signs where resistance is greatest, but even there when sickness gets a grip on the person it hangs on like grim death, for it lessens the power of the body to throw off disease quickly, hence recuperation is very slow. These aspects are extremely adverse to that which is generally termed success, but they give an abundance of experience, so they are excellent from the standpoint of the soul. It may be truly said of the person who has them, that "the best-laid plans of mice and men gang aft agley," for no matter how carefully he may plan his affairs he will be subject to delays and obstacles which thwart his desires. His marriage is unhappy and is likely to end in divorce or early death of the partner. He had difficulty in finding and keeping employment, trouble with employers and authorities, a felling as if he were held in leash all his life and denied expression in any direction. These are the outward experiences but they are generated by the inner nature, and until that changes he must suffer the whiplash of necessity. In the first place he has a tendency to crawl into a shell and shut himself in and others out. He is a pessimist and a kill-joy, has little or no regard for the feelings of others and is very obstinate. In the horoscope of a woman such an aspect signifies marriage to one much older who will hold her with a very tight rein; it augurs death of the husband and often several marriages which are ended by death or divorce.
Sun - Jupiter|conjunction|Y|Jupiter conjunction, parallel, sextile or trine to Sun. The conjunction gives a tendency to apoplexy, especially if it occurs in Aries, but with that exception we may say that these configurations are sure indications of health, wealth and happiness. They give the person an abundance of vitality which is proof against very severe onslaughts of disease, and even when particularly unfavorable planetary influences succeed in breaking down his resistance, recovery will be so rapid as to seem miraculous. This nearly impregnable condition of health is all the more unassailable because it is backed by a disposition at once sunny and jovial, and that latter characteristic also makes the fortunate possessors of these aspects beloved by all with whom they come in contact. Everybody is glad to see the person with the perpetual smile, but they do more than "smile"-- they earn the friendship universally bestowed upon them by deeds of kindness, by words of sympathy, cheer or hope as the occasion may demand. They are trusted by everybody because they never betray a trust. They have clear heads, good judgment and executive ability so that they are well fitted to help others. These characteristics also favor their own financial fortunes, so they accumulate wealth, but theirs is never "tainted money;" they never benefit by the loss of others. They are religiously conservative and may be aptly described as "pillars of society." They shine particularly in government work.
Sun - Jupiter|sextil|Y|Jupiter conjunction, parallel, sextile or trine to Sun. The conjunction gives a tendency to apoplexy, especially if it occurs in Aries, but with that exception we may say that these configurations are sure indications of health, wealth and happiness. They give the person an abundance of vitality which is proof against very severe onslaughts of disease, and even when particularly unfavorable planetary influences succeed in breaking down his resistance, recovery will be so rapid as to seem miraculous. This nearly impregnable condition of health is all the more unassailable because it is backed by a disposition at once sunny and jovial, and that latter characteristic also makes the fortunate possessors of these aspects beloved by all with whom they come in contact. Everybody is glad to see the person with the perpetual smile, but they do more than "smile"-- they earn the friendship universally bestowed upon them by deeds of kindness, by words of sympathy, cheer or hope as the occasion may demand. They are trusted by everybody because they never betray a trust. They have clear heads, good judgment and executive ability so that they are well fitted to help others. These characteristics also favor their own financial fortunes, so they accumulate wealth, but theirs is never "tainted money;" they never benefit by the loss of others. They are religiously conservative and may be aptly described as "pillars of society." They shine particularly in government work.
Sun - Jupiter|trine|Y|Jupiter conjunction, parallel, sextile or trine to Sun. The conjunction gives a tendency to apoplexy, especially if it occurs in Aries, but with that exception we may say that these configurations are sure indications of health, wealth and happiness. They give the person an abundance of vitality which is proof against very severe onslaughts of disease, and even when particularly unfavorable planetary influences succeed in breaking down his resistance, recovery will be so rapid as to seem miraculous. This nearly impregnable condition of health is all the more unassailable because it is backed by a disposition at once sunny and jovial, and that latter characteristic also makes the fortunate possessors of these aspects beloved by all with whom they come in contact. Everybody is glad to see the person with the perpetual smile, but they do more than "smile"-- they earn the friendship universally bestowed upon them by deeds of kindness, by words of sympathy, cheer or hope as the occasion may demand. They are trusted by everybody because they never betray a trust. They have clear heads, good judgment and executive ability so that they are well fitted to help others. These characteristics also favor their own financial fortunes, so they accumulate wealth, but theirs is never "tainted money;" they never benefit by the loss of others. They are religiously conservative and may be aptly described as "pillars of society." They shine particularly in government work.
Sun - Jupiter|quadrature|Y|Jupiter square or opposition to the Sun is bad for the health because it gives a tendency to form bad habits. The person is far too fond of the so-called "good things of life," and very selfish in supplying his own comforts; he never exercises nor denies himself so the circulation becomes sluggish and as these people have a superabundance of blood this sluggishness is productive of various noxious growths and functional disorders; sometimes a fit of anger raises the blood pressure to such a point that a vessel bursts and ends the life or leaves the person henceforth a useless wreck.  These aspects give a bombastic haughty dispositions with an inordinate love of display and thus induce extravagance both in social and business affairs with the result that the person sometimes finds himself involved in debt which he cannot pay and then it is but a step to the bankruptcy court. A false price often prevents these people from working honestly for others; they would rather prey upon the public as gamblers, followers of races and other so-called sports where there is an opportunity to swindle people and get what they call an "easy" living until they land in the meshes of the law. Children with these aspects should be given special training in self-restraint, thrift and honesty; they will have a tendency to scorn and scoff at religion, but perhaps the memory of a devout mother may help to keep them straight.
Sun - Jupiter|opposition|Y|Jupiter square or opposition to the Sun is bad for the health because it gives a tendency to form bad habits. The person is far too fond of the so-called "good things of life," and very selfish in supplying his own comforts; he never exercises nor denies himself so the circulation becomes sluggish and as these people have a superabundance of blood this sluggishness is productive of various noxious growths and functional disorders; sometimes a fit of anger raises the blood pressure to such a point that a vessel bursts and ends the life or leaves the person henceforth a useless wreck.  These aspects give a bombastic haughty dispositions with an inordinate love of display and thus induce extravagance both in social and business affairs with the result that the person sometimes finds himself involved in debt which he cannot pay and then it is but a step to the bankruptcy court. A false price often prevents these people from working honestly for others; they would rather prey upon the public as gamblers, followers of races and other so-called sports where there is an opportunity to swindle people and get what they call an "easy" living until they land in the meshes of the law. Children with these aspects should be given special training in self-restraint, thrift and honesty; they will have a tendency to scorn and scoff at religion, but perhaps the memory of a devout mother may help to keep them straight.
Sun - Mars|conjunction|Y|Mars parallel, conjunction, sextile or trine to Sun. The conjunction gives a tendency to fever, especially if it occurs in Aries, the sign which governs the head, but it is curious that people with that configuration seem also to be able to endure a much higher temperature than others, and come unscathed through such a siege of sickness as would ordinarily prove fatal. With that exception these aspects all produce a super-abundance of vital energy which assures their possessor of the most radiant health all through life, they strengthen the constitution and make the person able to endure the harder tasks, and give him a dauntless determination and courage to face the greatest odds. Given a plan to follow he may be trusted to overcome all physical obstacles for he has both executive and constructive ability together with an indomitable will which refuses to recognize defeat. The disposition is frank and open but blunt and often brusque; they are too intensely bent on whatever they want to do to waste time in politeness and suavity; they brush the conventionalities aside without compunction and are therefore not liked by people of too fine sensibilities; they are, however, men and women of action and the foremost factors in the world's work; but for their enterprise and energy the world would move much more slowly.
Sun - Mars|sextil|Y|Mars parallel, conjunction, sextile or trine to Sun. The conjunction gives a tendency to fever, especially if it occurs in Aries, the sign which governs the head, but it is curious that people with that configuration seem also to be able to endure a much higher temperature than others, and come unscathed through such a siege of sickness as would ordinarily prove fatal. With that exception these aspects all produce a super-abundance of vital energy which assures their possessor of the most radiant health all through life, they strengthen the constitution and make the person able to endure the harder tasks, and give him a dauntless determination and courage to face the greatest odds. Given a plan to follow he may be trusted to overcome all physical obstacles for he has both executive and constructive ability together with an indomitable will which refuses to recognize defeat. The disposition is frank and open but blunt and often brusque; they are too intensely bent on whatever they want to do to waste time in politeness and suavity; they brush the conventionalities aside without compunction and are therefore not liked by people of too fine sensibilities; they are, however, men and women of action and the foremost factors in the world's work; but for their enterprise and energy the world would move much more slowly.
Sun - Mars|trine|Y|Mars parallel, conjunction, sextile or trine to Sun. The conjunction gives a tendency to fever, especially if it occurs in Aries, the sign which governs the head, but it is curious that people with that configuration seem also to be able to endure a much higher temperature than others, and come unscathed through such a siege of sickness as would ordinarily prove fatal. With that exception these aspects all produce a super-abundance of vital energy which assures their possessor of the most radiant health all through life, they strengthen the constitution and make the person able to endure the harder tasks, and give him a dauntless determination and courage to face the greatest odds. Given a plan to follow he may be trusted to overcome all physical obstacles for he has both executive and constructive ability together with an indomitable will which refuses to recognize defeat. The disposition is frank and open but blunt and often brusque; they are too intensely bent on whatever they want to do to waste time in politeness and suavity; they brush the conventionalities aside without compunction and are therefore not liked by people of too fine sensibilities; they are, however, men and women of action and the foremost factors in the world's work; but for their enterprise and energy the world would move much more slowly.
Sun - Mars|quadrature|Y|Mars square or opposition to the Sun also endows the person with an abundance of energy and the faculty of leadership, but these are turned to purposes of deviltry and destruction. The courage implanted by the good aspects becomes foolhardiness, the person has loud, overbearing, swaggering manner and is ready to fight at the drop of a hat, he is always in opposition to constituted authority and ready to rebel wherever he sees a chance. He has an extremely fiery temper but holds no resentment. On account of these qualities he is universally disliked both by employers and his fellow-workers, is always in hot water and never stays long in any place for he is an agitator and trouble-maker. These aspects also dispose to accidents in which the person may be maimed, also to gunshot and knife- wounds, to scalding-burns and to fevers, inflammatory complaints, boils and eruptions.
Sun - Mars|opposition|Y|Mars square or opposition to the Sun also endows the person with an abundance of energy and the faculty of leadership, but these are turned to purposes of deviltry and destruction. The courage implanted by the good aspects becomes foolhardiness, the person has loud, overbearing, swaggering manner and is ready to fight at the drop of a hat, he is always in opposition to constituted authority and ready to rebel wherever he sees a chance. He has an extremely fiery temper but holds no resentment. On account of these qualities he is universally disliked both by employers and his fellow-workers, is always in hot water and never stays long in any place for he is an agitator and trouble-maker. These aspects also dispose to accidents in which the person may be maimed, also to gunshot and knife- wounds, to scalding-burns and to fevers, inflammatory complaints, boils and eruptions.
Sun - Uranus|sextil|Y|Uranus Sextile or trine to the Sun makes the person intuitive, original, inventive and independent in his manner of conduct and personal appearance, also with respect to food and certain mannerisms; he is what people call eccentric, often conspicuous, yet not offensively so; given to pursuits and studies which people consider "queer" such as occultism and astrology, but also delving into the unknown after nature's secrets concerning electricity or the like. He often becomes a successful inventor if other aspects give the mechanical ability to work out his schemes. Uranus rules the ether and now that we are nearing the Aquarian age his vibrations will in increasing measure bring to our ken methods of using nature's finer forces and the people with the Sun sextile or trine Uranus will be the media to attract and interpret them for us as the aerials and receivers in a wireless station collect and transcribe the messages carried by the ether waves to which they are attuned. The person often rises in life through the friendship of people above him in the social scale. He is of a very high-strung temperament but has himself well under control, and rarely shows temper or anger. He is an out and out idealist.
Sun - Uranus|trine|Y|Uranus Sextile or trine to the Sun makes the person intuitive, original, inventive and independent in his manner of conduct and personal appearance, also with respect to food and certain mannerisms; he is what people call eccentric, often conspicuous, yet not offensively so; given to pursuits and studies which people consider "queer" such as occultism and astrology, but also delving into the unknown after nature's secrets concerning electricity or the like. He often becomes a successful inventor if other aspects give the mechanical ability to work out his schemes. Uranus rules the ether and now that we are nearing the Aquarian age his vibrations will in increasing measure bring to our ken methods of using nature's finer forces and the people with the Sun sextile or trine Uranus will be the media to attract and interpret them for us as the aerials and receivers in a wireless station collect and transcribe the messages carried by the ether waves to which they are attuned. The person often rises in life through the friendship of people above him in the social scale. He is of a very high-strung temperament but has himself well under control, and rarely shows temper or anger. He is an out and out idealist.
Sun - Uranus|conjunction|Y|Uranus parallel, conjunction, square or opposition to Sun makes the person very high-strung, nervous and of uncontrolled emotions ready to fly into hysteria on any or no provocation. It predisposes to all nervous disorders such as St. Vitus dance, epilepsy and lack of coordination. It makes him impulsive and unreliable, without regard for the conventionalities highly impatient of any human restraint upon his liberty and committed to the theory of affinities, soulmates, and free-love, hence an undesirable marriage partner and likely to figure in divorce proceedings or scandals of an even worse nature. There is also danger of trouble on account of connection with anarchistic plots where the inventive faculty may find scope in the construction of explosives and infernal machines. Unless these aspects are modified by other configurations these people are among the most dangerous to society. They are liable to accidents from lightning and electricity, and all through life they meet disappointment in every direction.
Sun - Uranus|quadrature|Y|Uranus parallel, conjunction, square or opposition to Sun makes the person very high-strung, nervous and of uncontrolled emotions ready to fly into hysteria on any or no provocation. It predisposes to all nervous disorders such as St. Vitus dance, epilepsy and lack of coordination. It makes him impulsive and unreliable, without regard for the conventionalities highly impatient of any human restraint upon his liberty and committed to the theory of affinities, soulmates, and free-love, hence an undesirable marriage partner and likely to figure in divorce proceedings or scandals of an even worse nature. There is also danger of trouble on account of connection with anarchistic plots where the inventive faculty may find scope in the construction of explosives and infernal machines. Unless these aspects are modified by other configurations these people are among the most dangerous to society. They are liable to accidents from lightning and electricity, and all through life they meet disappointment in every direction.
Sun - Uranus|opposition|Y|Uranus parallel, conjunction, square or opposition to Sun makes the person very high-strung, nervous and of uncontrolled emotions ready to fly into hysteria on any or no provocation. It predisposes to all nervous disorders such as St. Vitus dance, epilepsy and lack of coordination. It makes him impulsive and unreliable, without regard for the conventionalities highly impatient of any human restraint upon his liberty and committed to the theory of affinities, soulmates, and free-love, hence an undesirable marriage partner and likely to figure in divorce proceedings or scandals of an even worse nature. There is also danger of trouble on account of connection with anarchistic plots where the inventive faculty may find scope in the construction of explosives and infernal machines. Unless these aspects are modified by other configurations these people are among the most dangerous to society. They are liable to accidents from lightning and electricity, and all through life they meet disappointment in every direction.
Sun - Neptune|sextil|Y|Neptune sextile or trine to the Sun favors the possibility of developing the spiritual faculties, for he intensifies the spiritual vibrations in the aura. Many people with these configurations hear the harmony of the spheres and if Mercury, the lower octave of Neptune gives the requisite dexterity they become musicians of high inspirational nature. In others it breed love of the occult which leads them into the higher life but they usually approach it from the intellectual standpoint of psychic investigators; a few live the life and obtain first-hand knowledge.
Sun - Neptune|trine|Y|Neptune sextile or trine to the Sun favors the possibility of developing the spiritual faculties, for he intensifies the spiritual vibrations in the aura. Many people with these configurations hear the harmony of the spheres and if Mercury, the lower octave of Neptune gives the requisite dexterity they become musicians of high inspirational nature. In others it breed love of the occult which leads them into the higher life but they usually approach it from the intellectual standpoint of psychic investigators; a few live the life and obtain first-hand knowledge.
Sun - Neptune|conjunction|Y|Neptune conjunction, parallel, square or opposition to the Sun also brings the person in touch with the denizens of the invisible world by raising the vibrations in his aura, but these configurations attract the undesirable element such as met at the ordinary spiritualistic seance. In a watery sign Neptune induces the person to drink to excess and then the resulting acceleration of the vibratory rate frequently causes him to perceive the ugly, gruesome forms abounding in the lower realms of the invisible world, which are real elemental entities and not figments as believed by people who hear him tell what he sees during delirium tremens.
Sun - Neptune|quadrature|Y|Neptune conjunction, parallel, square or opposition to the Sun also brings the person in touch with the denizens of the invisible world by raising the vibrations in his aura, but these configurations attract the undesirable element such as met at the ordinary spiritualistic seance. In a watery sign Neptune induces the person to drink to excess and then the resulting acceleration of the vibratory rate frequently causes him to perceive the ugly, gruesome forms abounding in the lower realms of the invisible world, which are real elemental entities and not figments as believed by people who hear him tell what he sees during delirium tremens.
Sun - Neptune|opposition|Y|Neptune conjunction, parallel, square or opposition to the Sun also brings the person in touch with the denizens of the invisible world by raising the vibrations in his aura, but these configurations attract the undesirable element such as met at the ordinary spiritualistic seance. In a watery sign Neptune induces the person to drink to excess and then the resulting acceleration of the vibratory rate frequently causes him to perceive the ugly, gruesome forms abounding in the lower realms of the invisible world, which are real elemental entities and not figments as believed by people who hear him tell what he sees during delirium tremens.
Mercury - Venus|conjunction|Y|Venus parallel, conjunction or sextile to Mercury. Venus and Mercury are never more than 76 degrees apart, therefore they can only form the conjunctions, parallels and sextiles, but not the trine, square nor opposition. These aspects make the person cheerful and companionable with a good-natured disposition and a desire for society. They also give the ability for music and poetry, especially if in the Ascendant, and are a general indication of success in salesmanship for such people are very suave, affable and persuasive.
Mercury - Venus|sextil|Y|Venus parallel, conjunction or sextile to Mercury. Venus and Mercury are never more than 76 degrees apart, therefore they can only form the conjunctions, parallels and sextiles, but not the trine, square nor opposition. These aspects make the person cheerful and companionable with a good-natured disposition and a desire for society. They also give the ability for music and poetry, especially if in the Ascendant, and are a general indication of success in salesmanship for such people are very suave, affable and persuasive.
Mercury - Saturn|sextil|Y|Saturn sextile or trine to Mercury acts as a brake upon the flighty mind and gives it a seriousness, depth and concentration which is of inestimable value in life. The forethought and profound reasoning ability indicated by these aspects insure success in whatever vocation the person may pursue. The patient persistence which permits no temporary failure to stand in the way of ultimate success; their caution and diplomacy make such people invincible in the long run. Therefore they generally become prominent in connection with some serious enterprise such as secrete societies, the church or even politics or governmental affairs. They are in demand for high positions in great undertakings where a steady hand is required on the helm. But they do not usually shine in public for they are very quiet, subdued and serious in their manner and demeanor; besides they are absolutely honest and fair-minded, hence they make the very finest judges obtainable.
Mercury - Saturn|trine|Y|Saturn sextile or trine to Mercury acts as a brake upon the flighty mind and gives it a seriousness, depth and concentration which is of inestimable value in life. The forethought and profound reasoning ability indicated by these aspects insure success in whatever vocation the person may pursue. The patient persistence which permits no temporary failure to stand in the way of ultimate success; their caution and diplomacy make such people invincible in the long run. Therefore they generally become prominent in connection with some serious enterprise such as secrete societies, the church or even politics or governmental affairs. They are in demand for high positions in great undertakings where a steady hand is required on the helm. But they do not usually shine in public for they are very quiet, subdued and serious in their manner and demeanor; besides they are absolutely honest and fair-minded, hence they make the very finest judges obtainable.
Mercury - Saturn|conjunction|Y|Saturn conjunction or parallel to Mercury gives depth to the mind, and forethought, together with all the other good qualities enumerated as resulting from the sextile and the trine if Mercury is otherwise well-aspected, but not in so full a measure, or at any rate the person does not seem to be able to externalize them as readily, hence does not meet the same assured success as given by the good aspects. He also suffers from the tendency to melancholy denoted by the square or opposition, especially if the aspect occurs in one of the common signs or in Capricorn, and if in Gemini it interferes sadly with the dexterity. Such people tend to drop everything they take into their hands. These aspects also give an embarrassing timidity and if Mercury is afflicted the undesirable qualities enumerated as resulting from the square or opposition may be looked for.
Mercury - Saturn|quadrature|Y|Saturn square or opposition to Mercury makes the person subject to trouble and delays all through life. He is thwarted on every hand by slander and secret enemies and this condition in time makes him bitter and sarcastic with the additional result that he is shunned by all who can possibly get away from him. This in time leads him to become a recluse who shuts himself away to brood over his troubles. Such a person sometimes becomes subject to melancholia of a most piteous character. These aspects also make the person cunning and untruthful. They give the same desire to study the occult conferred by the good aspects, but there is the great difference that while the good aspects of Saturn and Mercury incline one to the study of occultism from unselfish motives, the bad aspects impel him to ferret out nature's secret for personal power or gain.
Mercury - Saturn|opposition|Y|Saturn square or opposition to Mercury makes the person subject to trouble and delays all through life. He is thwarted on every hand by slander and secret enemies and this condition in time makes him bitter and sarcastic with the additional result that he is shunned by all who can possibly get away from him. This in time leads him to become a recluse who shuts himself away to brood over his troubles. Such a person sometimes becomes subject to melancholia of a most piteous character. These aspects also make the person cunning and untruthful. They give the same desire to study the occult conferred by the good aspects, but there is the great difference that while the good aspects of Saturn and Mercury incline one to the study of occultism from unselfish motives, the bad aspects impel him to ferret out nature's secret for personal power or gain.
Mercury - Jupiter|conjunction|Y|Jupiter conjunction, parallel, sextile or trine to Mercury is one of the finest assets in life, for it gives a cheerful, optimistic disposition with the ability to look upon the bright side of things and keep up the spirits in hours of adversity. The mind is broad, versatile, and able to reason correctly and to form a reliable judgment by careful deliberation. These people never give a hasty decision; they require time to think over whatever is presented to them, but once they have reached a conclusion it will be found incontrovertible. They are successful in law or literature and much respected for their honesty and sincerity. These aspects are particularly fortunate for people who travel for business or pleasure, for they will reap both benefit and enjoyment from a migratory mode of life; these aspects make them "healthy, wealthy and wise" beyond the average, and loved by everybody for the vital vibrations they radiate upon whomever they meet.
Mercury - Jupiter|sextil|Y|Jupiter conjunction, parallel, sextile or trine to Mercury is one of the finest assets in life, for it gives a cheerful, optimistic disposition with the ability to look upon the bright side of things and keep up the spirits in hours of adversity. The mind is broad, versatile, and able to reason correctly and to form a reliable judgment by careful deliberation. These people never give a hasty decision; they require time to think over whatever is presented to them, but once they have reached a conclusion it will be found incontrovertible. They are successful in law or literature and much respected for their honesty and sincerity. These aspects are particularly fortunate for people who travel for business or pleasure, for they will reap both benefit and enjoyment from a migratory mode of life; these aspects make them "healthy, wealthy and wise" beyond the average, and loved by everybody for the vital vibrations they radiate upon whomever they meet.
Mercury - Jupiter|trine|Y|Jupiter conjunction, parallel, sextile or trine to Mercury is one of the finest assets in life, for it gives a cheerful, optimistic disposition with the ability to look upon the bright side of things and keep up the spirits in hours of adversity. The mind is broad, versatile, and able to reason correctly and to form a reliable judgment by careful deliberation. These people never give a hasty decision; they require time to think over whatever is presented to them, but once they have reached a conclusion it will be found incontrovertible. They are successful in law or literature and much respected for their honesty and sincerity. These aspects are particularly fortunate for people who travel for business or pleasure, for they will reap both benefit and enjoyment from a migratory mode of life; these aspects make them "healthy, wealthy and wise" beyond the average, and loved by everybody for the vital vibrations they radiate upon whomever they meet.
Mercury - Jupiter|quadrature|Y|Jupiter square or opposition to Mercury gives a vacillating and wavering disposition so that the person cannot make up his mind when more than one course of action is open, hence people with these aspects often lose their opportunities through procrastination and lack of judgment, and must therefore often be classed as failures in life. They are liable to scandal and slander because of treacherous associates. They should not travel, for it will bring them loss and trouble. They should also be extremely careful in making contracts or agreements to do or deliver certain things at a specified time, for they will probably be unable to fulfill the requirements and thus trouble and loss will result.
Mercury - Jupiter|opposition|Y|Jupiter square or opposition to Mercury gives a vacillating and wavering disposition so that the person cannot make up his mind when more than one course of action is open, hence people with these aspects often lose their opportunities through procrastination and lack of judgment, and must therefore often be classed as failures in life. They are liable to scandal and slander because of treacherous associates. They should not travel, for it will bring them loss and trouble. They should also be extremely careful in making contracts or agreements to do or deliver certain things at a specified time, for they will probably be unable to fulfill the requirements and thus trouble and loss will result.
Mercury - Mars|sextil|Y|Mars sextile or trine to Mercury gives a keen, sharp, ingenious and resourceful mentality. It makes the person enthusiastic over any proposition which appeals to him and he has also ability to enthuse others and impress them with his views; an indefatigable worker in any cause which arouses his sympathies, but he is not visionary, and is interested only in concrete matters. These people love argument or debate, and they have an inexhaustible fund of wit and good humor, sometimes blended with a vein of sarcasm which always strikes its mark, yet never viciously nor maliciously. They also have remarkable dexterity and are able to turn their hands to whatever task is allotted and do it with a speed, facility and expedition that is astonishing, to say the least. They cannot do anything slowly or by halves,; whatever they undertake must be done with a rush, and they put their whole energy into it so that they may accomplish the task and do it well, hence these aspects give success in life, in almost any line of endeavor these people may select, but most often in literature or the mechanical arts.
Mercury - Mars|trine|Y|Mars sextile or trine to Mercury gives a keen, sharp, ingenious and resourceful mentality. It makes the person enthusiastic over any proposition which appeals to him and he has also ability to enthuse others and impress them with his views; an indefatigable worker in any cause which arouses his sympathies, but he is not visionary, and is interested only in concrete matters. These people love argument or debate, and they have an inexhaustible fund of wit and good humor, sometimes blended with a vein of sarcasm which always strikes its mark, yet never viciously nor maliciously. They also have remarkable dexterity and are able to turn their hands to whatever task is allotted and do it with a speed, facility and expedition that is astonishing, to say the least. They cannot do anything slowly or by halves,; whatever they undertake must be done with a rush, and they put their whole energy into it so that they may accomplish the task and do it well, hence these aspects give success in life, in almost any line of endeavor these people may select, but most often in literature or the mechanical arts.
Mercury - Mars|conjunction|Y|Mars conjunction or parallel to Mercury gives the same mental energy, enthusiasm and dexterity as the definitely good aspects, but whether these qualities are used for constructive and good purposes or for destructive and evil ends depends upon the sign, house position and other aspects. If the configuration occurs in a sign where either or both planets are strong and well-placed, as Mars in Aries or Capricorn, or Mercury in Gemini or Virgo, or if they are fortified by good aspects from the Sun, Venus or Jupiter, Mars conjunction or parallel Mercury will operate similarly to the sextile or trine, as stated in the foregoing paragraph, which see. But if Mars and Mercury are in one of the watery signs (Cancer, Scorpio or Pisces), or if either or both are afflicted by Saturn, Uranus or Neptune, the conjunction or parallel of Mars and Mercury will give the same evil tendencies as the square or opposition which are defined in the next paragraph.
Mercury - Mars|quadrature|Y|Mars square or opposition to Mercury makes people quick-witted, sharp and alert, quick tempered, impulsive and excitable, liable to jump at conclusions and act before they think with the inevitable result that they are always getting themselves or other people into trouble, hence they are dangerous associates. They are born prevaricators and utterly incapable of making a straight statement. It is just as natural for them to color or exaggerate their statements as it is to breathe. They are vitriolic in their wrath and their tongues are more poisonous than the bite of a rattlesnake, hence they are either feared or hated by those who are unfortunate enough to be bound to them by environment; all who can, shun them. They are bullies who are bound either to rule or ruin wherever they are, and they allow no obstacle to stand in their way which can be removed either by force or slander. They are the acme of selfishness, swagger and consummate egotism. The foregoing tendencies may of course be modified by other aspects, but if they are not, such people are a menace to society. If either Mars or Mercury is placed in the Sixth or Twelfth House or in any other position so that the bad aspect acts upon the health, there is a liability to nervous prostration, brain fever or insanity.
Mercury - Mars|opposition|Y|Mars square or opposition to Mercury makes people quick-witted, sharp and alert, quick tempered, impulsive and excitable, liable to jump at conclusions and act before they think with the inevitable result that they are always getting themselves or other people into trouble, hence they are dangerous associates. They are born prevaricators and utterly incapable of making a straight statement. It is just as natural for them to color or exaggerate their statements as it is to breathe. They are vitriolic in their wrath and their tongues are more poisonous than the bite of a rattlesnake, hence they are either feared or hated by those who are unfortunate enough to be bound to them by environment; all who can, shun them. They are bullies who are bound either to rule or ruin wherever they are, and they allow no obstacle to stand in their way which can be removed either by force or slander. They are the acme of selfishness, swagger and consummate egotism. The foregoing tendencies may of course be modified by other aspects, but if they are not, such people are a menace to society. If either Mars or Mercury is placed in the Sixth or Twelfth House or in any other position so that the bad aspect acts upon the health, there is a liability to nervous prostration, brain fever or insanity.
Mercury - Uranus|sextil|Y|Uranus sextile or trine to Mercury gives an original, independent and eccentric mind impatient of the fetters of fashion, tradition and convention. Such a person is strenuous in his efforts to hew a path for himself in complete liberty. Therefore this is the hall-mark of the pioneers in thought and invention, the sign of genius. Their ideas and ideals are exceedingly lofty, progressive and inspiring, in fact too much so in the opinion of the average man or woman who looks upon their actions as vagaries, the outcome of a diseased mind. Nevertheless they have plenty of friends on account of their kindly and sympathetic nature. These aspects are good for a literary or scientific pursuit, also for invention, particularly along lines which have to do with air or electricity.
Mercury - Uranus|trine|Y|Uranus sextile or trine to Mercury gives an original, independent and eccentric mind impatient of the fetters of fashion, tradition and convention. Such a person is strenuous in his efforts to hew a path for himself in complete liberty. Therefore this is the hall-mark of the pioneers in thought and invention, the sign of genius. Their ideas and ideals are exceedingly lofty, progressive and inspiring, in fact too much so in the opinion of the average man or woman who looks upon their actions as vagaries, the outcome of a diseased mind. Nevertheless they have plenty of friends on account of their kindly and sympathetic nature. These aspects are good for a literary or scientific pursuit, also for invention, particularly along lines which have to do with air or electricity.
Mercury - Uranus|conjunction|Y|Uranus conjunction or parallel Mercury. If Mercury is otherwise afflicted the conjunction and parallel are to be judged as bad aspects and read accordingly, but if Mercury is otherwise well placed and aspected the delineation given for the sextile and trine will apply.
Mercury - Uranus|quadrature|Y|Uranus square or opposition to Mercury is the hall-mark of the true crank or anarchist who has extreme ideas in regard to tearing down the social structure and making reforms. People with these configurations are given to ranting and raving in public and their language is usually as cruel as the measures they advocate. Whatever ability they possess is usually turned to erratic purposes and they are often forced to make sudden changes on that account.
Mercury - Uranus|opposition|Y|Uranus square or opposition to Mercury is the hall-mark of the true crank or anarchist who has extreme ideas in regard to tearing down the social structure and making reforms. People with these configurations are given to ranting and raving in public and their language is usually as cruel as the measures they advocate. Whatever ability they possess is usually turned to erratic purposes and they are often forced to make sudden changes on that account.
Mercury - Neptune|conjunction|Y|Neptune conjunction, parallel, sextile or trine to Mercury gives a mind peculiarly adapted to the occult art, particularly if the conjunction occurs in the Third or Ninth House or the trines are from the watery signs Cancer and Pisces. Such people usually succeed in occult science and often develop a supernormal faculty. They are particularly good as magnetic healers.
Mercury - Neptune|sextil|Y|Neptune conjunction, parallel, sextile or trine to Mercury gives a mind peculiarly adapted to the occult art, particularly if the conjunction occurs in the Third or Ninth House or the trines are from the watery signs Cancer and Pisces. Such people usually succeed in occult science and often develop a supernormal faculty. They are particularly good as magnetic healers.
Mercury - Neptune|trine|Y|Neptune conjunction, parallel, sextile or trine to Mercury gives a mind peculiarly adapted to the occult art, particularly if the conjunction occurs in the Third or Ninth House or the trines are from the watery signs Cancer and Pisces. Such people usually succeed in occult science and often develop a supernormal faculty. They are particularly good as magnetic healers.
Mercury - Neptune|quadrature|Y|Neptune square or opposition to Mercury gives a chaotic mind, liability to lack of memory, indolence and a disposition to dream the time away. There is a restless desire for fame and an inability to fit in anywhere. Such people are liable to fraud, deception and slander, also to commit suicide.
Mercury - Neptune|opposition|Y|Neptune square or opposition to Mercury gives a chaotic mind, liability to lack of memory, indolence and a disposition to dream the time away. There is a restless desire for fame and an inability to fit in anywhere. Such people are liable to fraud, deception and slander, also to commit suicide.
Venus - Saturn|sextil|Y|Saturn sextile or trine to Venus. The good qualities of Venus are love and affection and the good qualities of Saturn are tact, diplomacy, method, system, justice, thrift and economy. We may therefore judge that when these two planets are configurated in good aspect they make the person faithful and true, just and methodical, qualities which make for success in all departments of life. Therefore a person with these aspects will be much sought as a friend or advisor, or as a person to be trusted with any commission requiring sterling honesty and ability. They make the person simple in his tastes and of impeachable morality, and give honor, esteem, health and easy circumstances.
Venus - Saturn|trine|Y|Saturn sextile or trine to Venus. The good qualities of Venus are love and affection and the good qualities of Saturn are tact, diplomacy, method, system, justice, thrift and economy. We may therefore judge that when these two planets are configurated in good aspect they make the person faithful and true, just and methodical, qualities which make for success in all departments of life. Therefore a person with these aspects will be much sought as a friend or advisor, or as a person to be trusted with any commission requiring sterling honesty and ability. They make the person simple in his tastes and of impeachable morality, and give honor, esteem, health and easy circumstances.
Venus - Saturn|conjunction|Y|Saturn parallel, conjunction, square or opposition to Venus brings out the evil qualities of the two planets and troubles which are thus generated usually come through the person's relations with the opposite sex. It makes him underhanded and scheming to gratify his passions often in an unusual manner and his perverted desires are usually directed against some one who is much younger than himself. If regular marriage relations are entered into, such a person is usually a demon of jealousy who makes life a burden for the marriage partner on account of his suspicious nature. People with these afflictions are also stingy in all money matters and exceedingly avaricious. They have poor business judgment and are therefore liable to losses, failure and bankruptcy.
Venus - Saturn|quadrature|Y|Saturn parallel, conjunction, square or opposition to Venus brings out the evil qualities of the two planets and troubles which are thus generated usually come through the person's relations with the opposite sex. It makes him underhanded and scheming to gratify his passions often in an unusual manner and his perverted desires are usually directed against some one who is much younger than himself. If regular marriage relations are entered into, such a person is usually a demon of jealousy who makes life a burden for the marriage partner on account of his suspicious nature. People with these afflictions are also stingy in all money matters and exceedingly avaricious. They have poor business judgment and are therefore liable to losses, failure and bankruptcy.
Venus - Saturn|opposition|Y|Saturn parallel, conjunction, square or opposition to Venus brings out the evil qualities of the two planets and troubles which are thus generated usually come through the person's relations with the opposite sex. It makes him underhanded and scheming to gratify his passions often in an unusual manner and his perverted desires are usually directed against some one who is much younger than himself. If regular marriage relations are entered into, such a person is usually a demon of jealousy who makes life a burden for the marriage partner on account of his suspicious nature. People with these afflictions are also stingy in all money matters and exceedingly avaricious. They have poor business judgment and are therefore liable to losses, failure and bankruptcy.
Venus - Jupiter|conjunction|Y|Jupiter parallel, conjunction, sextile or trine to Venus is one of the nest signs of success and general good fortune. It favors the accumulation of wealth and the enjoyment of all the luxuries of life. It is a good indication of a successful and happy marriage, social prestige and the respect of all whom the person comes in contact. It gives the person a jovial, optimistic, generous and large-hearted disposition, and makes hospitable to a degree; interested and active in philanthropic measures, a liberal mind tolerant of the views of others even where he differs radically, fond of pleasure, traveling parties, and capable of enjoying life to the fullest extent. These aspects also give talent for music, especially if either planet is in Pisces.
Venus - Jupiter|sextil|Y|Jupiter parallel, conjunction, sextile or trine to Venus is one of the nest signs of success and general good fortune. It favors the accumulation of wealth and the enjoyment of all the luxuries of life. It is a good indication of a successful and happy marriage, social prestige and the respect of all whom the person comes in contact. It gives the person a jovial, optimistic, generous and large-hearted disposition, and makes hospitable to a degree; interested and active in philanthropic measures, a liberal mind tolerant of the views of others even where he differs radically, fond of pleasure, traveling parties, and capable of enjoying life to the fullest extent. These aspects also give talent for music, especially if either planet is in Pisces.
Venus - Jupiter|trine|Y|Jupiter parallel, conjunction, sextile or trine to Venus is one of the nest signs of success and general good fortune. It favors the accumulation of wealth and the enjoyment of all the luxuries of life. It is a good indication of a successful and happy marriage, social prestige and the respect of all whom the person comes in contact. It gives the person a jovial, optimistic, generous and large-hearted disposition, and makes hospitable to a degree; interested and active in philanthropic measures, a liberal mind tolerant of the views of others even where he differs radically, fond of pleasure, traveling parties, and capable of enjoying life to the fullest extent. These aspects also give talent for music, especially if either planet is in Pisces.
Venus - Jupiter|quadrature|Y|Jupiter square or opposition to Venus gives the same luxurious likings as the good aspects, but limits the ability to satisfy them; although such people make the most frantic efforts to present a fine front to the world, they are generally found out to be shams. Their lack of business ability is often responsible for failure and bankruptcy and they are very liable to suffer losses through the treachery of others. Love and marriage also are sources of sorrow for those whom Venus and Jupiter are afflicting. They are apt to be jilted before marriage or the marriage partner may prove faithless and may abscond. These aspects also produce and amorous nature likely to take liberties regardless of the laws of decency and to be faithless to marriage vows. They make people extremely self-indulgent and in Pisces they predispose to drink.
Venus - Jupiter|opposition|Y|Jupiter square or opposition to Venus gives the same luxurious likings as the good aspects, but limits the ability to satisfy them; although such people make the most frantic efforts to present a fine front to the world, they are generally found out to be shams. Their lack of business ability is often responsible for failure and bankruptcy and they are very liable to suffer losses through the treachery of others. Love and marriage also are sources of sorrow for those whom Venus and Jupiter are afflicting. They are apt to be jilted before marriage or the marriage partner may prove faithless and may abscond. These aspects also produce and amorous nature likely to take liberties regardless of the laws of decency and to be faithless to marriage vows. They make people extremely self-indulgent and in Pisces they predispose to drink.
Venus - Mars|sextil|Y|Mars sextile or trine to Venus will give an ambitious, aspiring and adventurous nature, amorous and extremely demonstrative in its affection, very fond of sports and pleasures. It gives the person an abundance of energy and business acumen, consequently he has a splendid earning capacity but he wastes money for he loves above all things to make a great outward show and display. Being a free spender he is also very popular among his associates, and being, as already said, of an amorous nature he marries either very early or the marriage is a very hasty one.
Venus - Mars|trine|Y|Mars sextile or trine to Venus will give an ambitious, aspiring and adventurous nature, amorous and extremely demonstrative in its affection, very fond of sports and pleasures. It gives the person an abundance of energy and business acumen, consequently he has a splendid earning capacity but he wastes money for he loves above all things to make a great outward show and display. Being a free spender he is also very popular among his associates, and being, as already said, of an amorous nature he marries either very early or the marriage is a very hasty one.
Venus - Mars|conjunction|Y|Mars conjunction or parallel to Venus does not always operate in the same manner, but is to be classed as a good or bad aspect according to circumstances and the matter to be judged. For instance, Mars conjunction Venus makes the person less blunt and domineering, more kind and polite; it is therefore good in that respect; but the conjunction also strengthens he passional nature, especially if it occurs in Scorpio; and in the Twelfth House it leads to self-abuse so that in those cases it is decidedly bad.
Venus - Mars|quadrature|Y|Venus square or opposition to Mars gives a very voluptuous and sensuous disposition, liable to gross excesses in the gratification of the passions which will sap the vitality. It is likely to break down the health and constitution, leaving the person a wreck on the sea of life if it is allowed free scope. These people are altogether too generous, especially where the opposite sex is concerned. They are very extravagant and on that account spend more than they can afford on themselves, besides what they squander on their many AMOURS, so that no matter how much money they make, they are generally in financial difficulty, and not infrequently they figure as defendants in the debtor's court. If Mars or Venus is in Cancer, Scorpio or Pisces there is a tendency to such dissolute and dissipated living, such a craving for low pleasures that, if indulged, it will drag the human being down below the level of animals.
Venus - Mars|opposition|Y|Venus square or opposition to Mars gives a very voluptuous and sensuous disposition, liable to gross excesses in the gratification of the passions which will sap the vitality. It is likely to break down the health and constitution, leaving the person a wreck on the sea of life if it is allowed free scope. These people are altogether too generous, especially where the opposite sex is concerned. They are very extravagant and on that account spend more than they can afford on themselves, besides what they squander on their many AMOURS, so that no matter how much money they make, they are generally in financial difficulty, and not infrequently they figure as defendants in the debtor's court. If Mars or Venus is in Cancer, Scorpio or Pisces there is a tendency to such dissolute and dissipated living, such a craving for low pleasures that, if indulged, it will drag the human being down below the level of animals.
Venus - Uranus|sextil|Y|Uranus sextile or trine to Venus makes the person mentally alert, of quick intuitive perception and exceedingly magnetic, especially to the opposite sex; and he also attracts hosts of friends who will be a benefit and assistance to him. These aspects give love of art, music and poetry and are favorable indications of a happy marriage often at a very early age, or one suddenly consummated. They also sometimes bring the person love of a platonic nature.
Venus - Uranus|trine|Y|Uranus sextile or trine to Venus makes the person mentally alert, of quick intuitive perception and exceedingly magnetic, especially to the opposite sex; and he also attracts hosts of friends who will be a benefit and assistance to him. These aspects give love of art, music and poetry and are favorable indications of a happy marriage often at a very early age, or one suddenly consummated. They also sometimes bring the person love of a platonic nature.
Venus - Uranus|conjunction|Y|Uranus conjunction or parallel to Venus. There is a doubt as to whether these aspects should be classed as good or evil, which must be settled in the individual horoscope where they occur for they may work either way, depending upon the other configuration. If Venus is otherwise afflicted in the horoscope, for instance the conjunction or parallel will further accentuate her evil qualities, but if she is well placed or aspected Uranus will bring out the nobler side.
Venus - Uranus|quadrature|Y|Uranus square or opposition to Venus. The square or opposition always brings trouble through the sex relation: a hasty, ill-considered union, quarrels, divorces, public scandals through clandestine intercourse and kindred irregularities, with loss of friend, prestige and popularity, exile from home and family and sudden financial losses through unexpected or unforeseen happenings. There is a general lack of balance, an erratic personality.
Venus - Uranus|opposition|Y|Uranus square or opposition to Venus. The square or opposition always brings trouble through the sex relation: a hasty, ill-considered union, quarrels, divorces, public scandals through clandestine intercourse and kindred irregularities, with loss of friend, prestige and popularity, exile from home and family and sudden financial losses through unexpected or unforeseen happenings. There is a general lack of balance, an erratic personality.
Venus - Neptune|sextil|Y|Neptune sextile or trine to Venus makes an inspirational musician. It gives a fertile imagination and deep emotions, a nature that is pure and chaste, hence occasionally it leads to platonic unions and companionship of the most esthetic nature.
Venus - Neptune|trine|Y|Neptune sextile or trine to Venus makes an inspirational musician. It gives a fertile imagination and deep emotions, a nature that is pure and chaste, hence occasionally it leads to platonic unions and companionship of the most esthetic nature.
Venus - Neptune|quadrature|Y|Neptune square or opposition to Venus makes the person liable to sorrow, loss and trouble, especially through the marriage partner or anyone else in whom he trusts. People with these aspects should be particularly careful to avoid anything which has in it an element of chance or speculation, for they are sure to lose, especially in dealing with large companies or corporations.
Venus - Neptune|opposition|Y|Neptune square or opposition to Venus makes the person liable to sorrow, loss and trouble, especially through the marriage partner or anyone else in whom he trusts. People with these aspects should be particularly careful to avoid anything which has in it an element of chance or speculation, for they are sure to lose, especially in dealing with large companies or corporations.
Mars - Saturn|sextil|Y|Saturn sextile or trine to Mars gives a determined and energetic nature capable of intense and sustained action and of obtaining unusual results thereby. The executive ability, dominant forcefulness and endurance of these people are remarkable and consequently they are constantly accomplishing what others cannot achieve. Hence they always rise to prominent positions and are much esteemed on account of their ability, but they are seldom liked, for these aspects make the character cruel and hard. They give a strong physique and general good health.
Mars - Saturn|trine|Y|Saturn sextile or trine to Mars gives a determined and energetic nature capable of intense and sustained action and of obtaining unusual results thereby. The executive ability, dominant forcefulness and endurance of these people are remarkable and consequently they are constantly accomplishing what others cannot achieve. Hence they always rise to prominent positions and are much esteemed on account of their ability, but they are seldom liked, for these aspects make the character cruel and hard. They give a strong physique and general good health.
Mars - Saturn|quadrature|Y|Saturn conjunction, parallel, square or opposition to Mars are thoroughly bad aspects indicating a selfish, violent, harsh and cruel nature, quick tempered and vindictive, absolutely dishonest, untruthful and unscrupulous, giving liability to public disgrace and imprisonment, also to accident and violent death, and if one of the planets is essentially dignified or exalted the evil influence is much enhanced. It should also be remembered that such serious defects do not result from one aspect alone and if the other configurations in the horoscope are good the foregoing delineation will only apply in a mild measure
Mars - Saturn|opposition|Y|Saturn conjunction, parallel, square or opposition to Mars are thoroughly bad aspects indicating a selfish, violent, harsh and cruel nature, quick tempered and vindictive, absolutely dishonest, untruthful and unscrupulous, giving liability to public disgrace and imprisonment, also to accident and violent death, and if one of the planets is essentially dignified or exalted the evil influence is much enhanced. It should also be remembered that such serious defects do not result from one aspect alone and if the other configurations in the horoscope are good the foregoing delineation will only apply in a mild measure
Mars - Jupiter|sextil|Y|Jupiter sextile or trine to Mars. It is the nature of Jupiter to be somewhat conservative and dignified, but when blended with the fire of Mars it gives an enthusiasm and an ability to influence others and imbue them with the same feelings. It makes the nature noble, sincere, honest and straightforward. This aspect is also good for the financial prosperity of the person for both Mars and Jupiter when well-aspected attract money, but they differ in regard to disbursement. Jupiter is somewhat conservative in that respect, but where the Martian and Jupiterian qualities are blended by a good aspect the result is an ideal, generous nature, neither too lavish nor too conservative, but able to strike the happy medium. These people have much ingenuity and constructive ability and whatever they do they put their whole heart into it. Hence they are successful in business and popular in society. They are fond of out-door sports and games. They love to travel and gain much pleasure by so doing. Mars rules the hemoglobin in the blood which is so important a factor in health and vitality therefore the good aspects of Jupiter and Mars increase the red blood corpuscles with the result that these people have abundance of health, vitality, power and endurance.
Mars - Jupiter|trine|Y|Jupiter sextile or trine to Mars. It is the nature of Jupiter to be somewhat conservative and dignified, but when blended with the fire of Mars it gives an enthusiasm and an ability to influence others and imbue them with the same feelings. It makes the nature noble, sincere, honest and straightforward. This aspect is also good for the financial prosperity of the person for both Mars and Jupiter when well-aspected attract money, but they differ in regard to disbursement. Jupiter is somewhat conservative in that respect, but where the Martian and Jupiterian qualities are blended by a good aspect the result is an ideal, generous nature, neither too lavish nor too conservative, but able to strike the happy medium. These people have much ingenuity and constructive ability and whatever they do they put their whole heart into it. Hence they are successful in business and popular in society. They are fond of out-door sports and games. They love to travel and gain much pleasure by so doing. Mars rules the hemoglobin in the blood which is so important a factor in health and vitality therefore the good aspects of Jupiter and Mars increase the red blood corpuscles with the result that these people have abundance of health, vitality, power and endurance.
Mars - Jupiter|conjunction|Y|Jupiter parallel or conjunction Mars strengthens the constitution and increases the vitality the same as the good aspects. It also indicates that the person is able to earn much money and uses it freely and generously, but the mental qualities are similar to those conferred by the bad aspects. The person is tricky, deceitful, untruthful, impulsive in judgment and not to be depended upon. If the conjunction occurs in one of the watery signs, especially in Pisces he will probably be a drunkard though this is not as certain as with the square or opposition. These people are generally plethoric and liable to apoplexy.
Mars - Jupiter|quadrature|Y|Jupiter square or opposition to Mars is the signature of the gambler and if one of the planets is in a watery sign, especially in Pisces he will be a drunkard also, a tricky, dishonest and disreputable character who always acts through impulse. With respect to health we find that these people suffer principally from blood and liver complaints; the circulation is poor and the blood is so rich that there is danger of apoplexy.
Mars - Jupiter|opposition|Y|Jupiter square or opposition to Mars is the signature of the gambler and if one of the planets is in a watery sign, especially in Pisces he will be a drunkard also, a tricky, dishonest and disreputable character who always acts through impulse. With respect to health we find that these people suffer principally from blood and liver complaints; the circulation is poor and the blood is so rich that there is danger of apoplexy.
Mars - Uranus|sextil|Y|Uranus sextile or trine to Mars gives an energetic and ambitious disposition, an original, ingenious, alert, intuitive mind which is resourceful in the highest degree and able to cope with great difficulties under trying circumstances. Therefore people with these configurations are naturally of an inventive turn of mind and successful in bringing their ideas to realization. Their inventive genius expresses itself usually along electrical lines, aviation or other unusual directions for these aspects are one of the marks of the pioneer of the Aquarian age, where science and intervention will reach out in directions that are now undreamed of even as possibilities. But while these people are dreamers of dreams they are also practical, energetic and enterprising in a sufficient degree to make their dreams come true in the world. They have a wide vision and a noble nature which rises over all petty distinctions of race, creed or color and recognizes in all human beings the divine spark which is the basis of universal brotherhood. They may not be exactly religious in the orthodox sense of the word, but their ideas are truly cosmic, hence they are often mistaken for visionaries by those who do not understand them.
Mars - Uranus|trine|Y|Uranus sextile or trine to Mars gives an energetic and ambitious disposition, an original, ingenious, alert, intuitive mind which is resourceful in the highest degree and able to cope with great difficulties under trying circumstances. Therefore people with these configurations are naturally of an inventive turn of mind and successful in bringing their ideas to realization. Their inventive genius expresses itself usually along electrical lines, aviation or other unusual directions for these aspects are one of the marks of the pioneer of the Aquarian age, where science and intervention will reach out in directions that are now undreamed of even as possibilities. But while these people are dreamers of dreams they are also practical, energetic and enterprising in a sufficient degree to make their dreams come true in the world. They have a wide vision and a noble nature which rises over all petty distinctions of race, creed or color and recognizes in all human beings the divine spark which is the basis of universal brotherhood. They may not be exactly religious in the orthodox sense of the word, but their ideas are truly cosmic, hence they are often mistaken for visionaries by those who do not understand them.
Mars - Uranus|conjunction|Y|Uranus conjunction, parallel, square, or opposition to Mars gives an erratic and eccentric disposition, a violent temper of the worst nature, an unusually resentment of even the slightest restraint and gives the person a stubborn, headstrong and dogged determination to go ahead in any line of action upon which he has decided no matter what the outcome. He will listed to neither reason nor entreaty but follows his own course in defiance of all. People with these configurations often become anarchists of the reddest type for they do not stop even at the shedding of blood if other testimonies in the figure concur. They are cruel, hard and cold with out a spark of true love through they may be in flamed with passion of the most burning intensity. This is particularly the case when Mars is square Uranus and either planet is placed in Taurus or Scorpio. In a woman's horoscope Mars square Uranus usually leads to seduction no matter where placed, but if in Taurus or Scorpio escape is almost impossible. The other characteristics of these planets in these configurations work themselves out according to the signs wherein they are placed so that their placement in Taurus or Scorpio work upon the sex which is governed by these signs. When one of these planets is in Scorpio if the person takes up the profession of surgery be will become very cruel and unfeeling, ready to operate for the mere pleasure of causing pain and in consequence or in pursuit of this passion he will probably take up vivisection and develop an unusual ingenuity in torturing his victims. With Mars or Uranus in Scorpio or Pisces he will be underhanded to tricky though he may show a very different front to the public. In Aries it will make a rattlebrain, in Gemini and Virgo an unusually quick mentality but quick in seeing only how to trick others, in Sagittarius it will make the person very materialistic, atheistic or fanatical against the established religion or society; thus the planets blend their nature with each individual sign.
Mars - Uranus|quadrature|Y|Uranus conjunction, parallel, square, or opposition to Mars gives an erratic and eccentric disposition, a violent temper of the worst nature, an unusually resentment of even the slightest restraint and gives the person a stubborn, headstrong and dogged determination to go ahead in any line of action upon which he has decided no matter what the outcome. He will listed to neither reason nor entreaty but follows his own course in defiance of all. People with these configurations often become anarchists of the reddest type for they do not stop even at the shedding of blood if other testimonies in the figure concur. They are cruel, hard and cold with out a spark of true love through they may be in flamed with passion of the most burning intensity. This is particularly the case when Mars is square Uranus and either planet is placed in Taurus or Scorpio. In a woman's horoscope Mars square Uranus usually leads to seduction no matter where placed, but if in Taurus or Scorpio escape is almost impossible. The other characteristics of these planets in these configurations work themselves out according to the signs wherein they are placed so that their placement in Taurus or Scorpio work upon the sex which is governed by these signs. When one of these planets is in Scorpio if the person takes up the profession of surgery be will become very cruel and unfeeling, ready to operate for the mere pleasure of causing pain and in consequence or in pursuit of this passion he will probably take up vivisection and develop an unusual ingenuity in torturing his victims. With Mars or Uranus in Scorpio or Pisces he will be underhanded to tricky though he may show a very different front to the public. In Aries it will make a rattlebrain, in Gemini and Virgo an unusually quick mentality but quick in seeing only how to trick others, in Sagittarius it will make the person very materialistic, atheistic or fanatical against the established religion or society; thus the planets blend their nature with each individual sign.
Mars - Uranus|opposition|Y|Uranus conjunction, parallel, square, or opposition to Mars gives an erratic and eccentric disposition, a violent temper of the worst nature, an unusually resentment of even the slightest restraint and gives the person a stubborn, headstrong and dogged determination to go ahead in any line of action upon which he has decided no matter what the outcome. He will listed to neither reason nor entreaty but follows his own course in defiance of all. People with these configurations often become anarchists of the reddest type for they do not stop even at the shedding of blood if other testimonies in the figure concur. They are cruel, hard and cold with out a spark of true love through they may be in flamed with passion of the most burning intensity. This is particularly the case when Mars is square Uranus and either planet is placed in Taurus or Scorpio. In a woman's horoscope Mars square Uranus usually leads to seduction no matter where placed, but if in Taurus or Scorpio escape is almost impossible. The other characteristics of these planets in these configurations work themselves out according to the signs wherein they are placed so that their placement in Taurus or Scorpio work upon the sex which is governed by these signs. When one of these planets is in Scorpio if the person takes up the profession of surgery be will become very cruel and unfeeling, ready to operate for the mere pleasure of causing pain and in consequence or in pursuit of this passion he will probably take up vivisection and develop an unusual ingenuity in torturing his victims. With Mars or Uranus in Scorpio or Pisces he will be underhanded to tricky though he may show a very different front to the public. In Aries it will make a rattlebrain, in Gemini and Virgo an unusually quick mentality but quick in seeing only how to trick others, in Sagittarius it will make the person very materialistic, atheistic or fanatical against the established religion or society; thus the planets blend their nature with each individual sign.
Mars - Neptune|conjunction|Y|Mars conjunction, square, parallel, or opposition to Neptune makes the nature coarse and sensual, impulsive and irascible, militant and extravagant in speech and action, self-indulgent to a degree in whatever direction his passions may lead him and unable to exercise restraint over himself in any direction. It gives a fanatical spirit which may express itself in either religion or atheism and under favorable conditions such people are liable to become victims of discarnate spirits who may either use them as a medium or by obsessing them. It gives a tendency to lawlessness and participation in anarchistic schemes or plots.
Mars - Neptune|quadrature|Y|Mars conjunction, square, parallel, or opposition to Neptune makes the nature coarse and sensual, impulsive and irascible, militant and extravagant in speech and action, self-indulgent to a degree in whatever direction his passions may lead him and unable to exercise restraint over himself in any direction. It gives a fanatical spirit which may express itself in either religion or atheism and under favorable conditions such people are liable to become victims of discarnate spirits who may either use them as a medium or by obsessing them. It gives a tendency to lawlessness and participation in anarchistic schemes or plots.
Mars - Neptune|opposition|Y|Mars conjunction, square, parallel, or opposition to Neptune makes the nature coarse and sensual, impulsive and irascible, militant and extravagant in speech and action, self-indulgent to a degree in whatever direction his passions may lead him and unable to exercise restraint over himself in any direction. It gives a fanatical spirit which may express itself in either religion or atheism and under favorable conditions such people are liable to become victims of discarnate spirits who may either use them as a medium or by obsessing them. It gives a tendency to lawlessness and participation in anarchistic schemes or plots.
Mars - Neptune|sextil|Y|Mars sextile or trine to Neptune intensifies the emotional nature and gives a leaning toward the study and practice of occultism and mysticism. When other testimonies in the horoscope concur, the martial energy directed toward the psychic subjects denoted by Neptune often helps the person very materially in his aim to penetrate into the invisible worlds in a conscious manner.
Mars - Neptune|trine|Y|Mars sextile or trine to Neptune intensifies the emotional nature and gives a leaning toward the study and practice of occultism and mysticism. When other testimonies in the horoscope concur, the martial energy directed toward the psychic subjects denoted by Neptune often helps the person very materially in his aim to penetrate into the invisible worlds in a conscious manner.
Jupiter - Saturn|sextil|Y|Saturn sextile or trine to Jupiter gives a strong character with a deep and profoundly philosophical mind, a benevolent disposition with a strong sense of justice and fair play. All the virtues of Saturn and Jupiter are combined by these aspects and people in whose horoscope they are found will consequently gain the honor and esteem of the community where they are. Thus they will be looked upon as pillars of society and gain prosperity commensurate with the environment in which they are placed, for these aspects give sound financial judgment and the ability to grasp the opportunity when it is met.
Jupiter - Saturn|trine|Y|Saturn sextile or trine to Jupiter gives a strong character with a deep and profoundly philosophical mind, a benevolent disposition with a strong sense of justice and fair play. All the virtues of Saturn and Jupiter are combined by these aspects and people in whose horoscope they are found will consequently gain the honor and esteem of the community where they are. Thus they will be looked upon as pillars of society and gain prosperity commensurate with the environment in which they are placed, for these aspects give sound financial judgment and the ability to grasp the opportunity when it is met.
Jupiter - Saturn|conjunction|Y|Saturn conjunction or parallel to Jupiter has the same beneficent influence as the sextile or trine through not in as great a measure and if Jupiter is weak by sign of otherwise afflicted the aspects will probably count for very little, bit in that case its effect upon the arterial circulation will be obstructive, giving a tendency to sclerosis of the arteries the same as the opposition or square.
Jupiter - Saturn|quadrature|Y|Saturn square or opposition to Jupiter gives a different, vacillating mind unable to form decisions, always distrustful of others, indolent and inclined to drift with the tide; often a ward of society either in the poor-house or the prison, for the character is basically dishonest. These aspects also give a tendency to arterio-sclerosis.
Jupiter - Saturn|opposition|Y|Saturn square or opposition to Jupiter gives a different, vacillating mind unable to form decisions, always distrustful of others, indolent and inclined to drift with the tide; often a ward of society either in the poor-house or the prison, for the character is basically dishonest. These aspects also give a tendency to arterio-sclerosis.
Jupiter - Uranus|sextil|Y|Uranus sextile or trine to Jupiter gives a broad, humane disposition and a tendency to delve into the occult arts and sciences. It favors an association with secret orders and gives promise of prosperity in life. Such a person is honest and sincere, sociable, hospitable and likely to benefit a great deal from influential friends in official positions. This positions also gives executive ability and success in connection with institutions of learning.
Jupiter - Uranus|trine|Y|Uranus sextile or trine to Jupiter gives a broad, humane disposition and a tendency to delve into the occult arts and sciences. It favors an association with secret orders and gives promise of prosperity in life. Such a person is honest and sincere, sociable, hospitable and likely to benefit a great deal from influential friends in official positions. This positions also gives executive ability and success in connection with institutions of learning.
Jupiter - Uranus|conjunction|Y|Uranus parallel or conjunction Jupiter gives similar indications to the good aspects but the influence is not quite so decided, particularly if either of the planets is weak by sign or otherwise afflicted. In that case it will be found that the tendencies conferred are more like those of the bad aspects.
Jupiter - Uranus|quadrature|Y|Uranus square or opposition to Jupiter gives am impulsive nature liable to act in a sudden or unexpected manner to one's own undoing; loss by speculation, lawsuits and impulsive extravagance are also indicated, many changes both of occupations and residence, loss of friends and reputation.
Jupiter - Uranus|opposition|Y|Uranus square or opposition to Jupiter gives am impulsive nature liable to act in a sudden or unexpected manner to one's own undoing; loss by speculation, lawsuits and impulsive extravagance are also indicated, many changes both of occupations and residence, loss of friends and reputation.
Jupiter - Neptune|sextil|Y|Neptune sextile or trine to Jupiter gives an inspirational, mystical nature and success in an occupation connect with occult orders, that is to say where the character is sufficiently developed is that Neptune can makes his influence felt, for then this position brings out all the noblest and most spiritual strength of both planets, and occult experiences are not infrequently the result. During the sleeping hours these people are quite conscious in the invisible worlds.
Jupiter - Neptune|trine|Y|Neptune sextile or trine to Jupiter gives an inspirational, mystical nature and success in an occupation connect with occult orders, that is to say where the character is sufficiently developed is that Neptune can makes his influence felt, for then this position brings out all the noblest and most spiritual strength of both planets, and occult experiences are not infrequently the result. During the sleeping hours these people are quite conscious in the invisible worlds.
Jupiter - Neptune|conjunction|Y|Neptune parallel or conjunction Jupiter gives an influence similar to that of the good aspects when Neptune and Jupiter are not afflicted, but if they are in a weak sign and aspecting the other planets by square or opposition then the influence is similar to that one of the bad aspects of Jupiter and Neptune.
Jupiter - Neptune|quadrature|Y|Neptune square or opposition to Jupiter indicates lack of control of the emotions. The person is sensitive to the low psychic influences of the borderland between the seen and the unseen worlds but they are of an awe-inspiring and disgusting type, hence apt to cause hysterical conditions, such as involuntary trance and kindred disorders attendant upon negative psychism. From a material standpoint it gives danger of fraud through speculation or large companies and dealing with predatory interests should therefore be avoided.
Jupiter - Neptune|opposition|Y|Neptune square or opposition to Jupiter indicates lack of control of the emotions. The person is sensitive to the low psychic influences of the borderland between the seen and the unseen worlds but they are of an awe-inspiring and disgusting type, hence apt to cause hysterical conditions, such as involuntary trance and kindred disorders attendant upon negative psychism. From a material standpoint it gives danger of fraud through speculation or large companies and dealing with predatory interests should therefore be avoided.
Saturn - Uranus|sextil|Y|Uranus sextile or trine to Saturn is fortunate for a public career in an officially capacity for it gives ambition and determination with ability to concentrate upon large problems and exercise authority, plan upon large problems and exercise authority, plan and systematize. It strengthens the intuition so that such people are guided by an interior insight when new and important steps have to be taken, therefore they are in demand and find positions with large corporations where they win their way through sheer ability. The mind is both mechanical and ingenious, hence this position often denotes the successful inventor, particularly along the lines of electricity.
Saturn - Uranus|trine|Y|Uranus sextile or trine to Saturn is fortunate for a public career in an officially capacity for it gives ambition and determination with ability to concentrate upon large problems and exercise authority, plan upon large problems and exercise authority, plan and systematize. It strengthens the intuition so that such people are guided by an interior insight when new and important steps have to be taken, therefore they are in demand and find positions with large corporations where they win their way through sheer ability. The mind is both mechanical and ingenious, hence this position often denotes the successful inventor, particularly along the lines of electricity.
Saturn - Uranus|conjunction|Y|Uranus conjunction or parallel to Saturn has an influence like the good aspects of the planets are elevated, in angles, essentially dignified or exalted, as Saturn in Libra or Capricorn or Uranus in Aquarius or Scorpio; but if the conjunction occurs in signs where either of the planets is weak, like Aries, Taurus, Cancer, or Leo then the influence will be detrimental and should be judged the same as the square or opposition.
Saturn - Uranus|quadrature|Y|Uranus square or opposition to Saturn gives an unscrupulous, dishonest nature with an extremely violent temper. The outbursts are as sudden as a bolt from the blue and exhaust the person completely. These people are very eccentric and look at everything from a peculiar angle; they are treacherous, idle, indolent and altogether dangerous to the community. These aspects also indicate chronic or incurable diseases according to the signs wherein they are placed, but as said, if the other indications in the horoscope are good the influence of a single aspect will not bring out such evil characteristics and therefore the whole horoscope is to be carefully considered before judging the influence enumerated for they may be materially minimized by favorable indications in the horoscope.
Saturn - Uranus|opposition|Y|Uranus square or opposition to Saturn gives an unscrupulous, dishonest nature with an extremely violent temper. The outbursts are as sudden as a bolt from the blue and exhaust the person completely. These people are very eccentric and look at everything from a peculiar angle; they are treacherous, idle, indolent and altogether dangerous to the community. These aspects also indicate chronic or incurable diseases according to the signs wherein they are placed, but as said, if the other indications in the horoscope are good the influence of a single aspect will not bring out such evil characteristics and therefore the whole horoscope is to be carefully considered before judging the influence enumerated for they may be materially minimized by favorable indications in the horoscope.
Saturn - Neptune|sextil|Y|Neptune sextile or trine to Saturn is good for success in worldly affairs for it brings out the saturnine virtues--honor, self-reliance, determination, etc., by which the person gains the confidence and esteem of others, but the principal effect is spiritual and therefore only felt by those who are able to respond because of other aspects in the horoscope. To them it gives the ability to delve deeply into occult and mystical subjects, also to become proficient in the art and practice of them.
Saturn - Neptune|trine|Y|Neptune sextile or trine to Saturn is good for success in worldly affairs for it brings out the saturnine virtues--honor, self-reliance, determination, etc., by which the person gains the confidence and esteem of others, but the principal effect is spiritual and therefore only felt by those who are able to respond because of other aspects in the horoscope. To them it gives the ability to delve deeply into occult and mystical subjects, also to become proficient in the art and practice of them.
Saturn - Neptune|conjunction|Y|Neptune conjunction or parallel to Saturn has the same effect as the good aspects when it occurs in a sign where either of the planets are strong as Neptune is in Cancer and Pisces and Saturn in Libra and Capricorn.
Saturn - Neptune|quadrature|Y|Neptune square or opposition to Saturn lays the person liable to loss by deception, treachery or fraud.
Saturn - Neptune|opposition|Y|Neptune square or opposition to Saturn lays the person liable to loss by deception, treachery or fraud.
Uranus - Neptune|sextil|Y|Neptune sextile or trine to Uranus gives inclination towards the occult or mystical side of life, and if either is placed in the Tenth House the person usually becomes a leader or authority in these lines, he wins at least local recognition and if other testimonies concur his fame will be national or international. Such aspects will bring direct touch with the spiritual world and success in dealing with the inhabitants of that plane. It is also productive of dreams and visions of a prophetic and inspirational nature. It strengthens the healing powers and will consequently enable the person to do a great deal of good for his suffering fellow-men. These aspects give a highly developed intuition which amounts almost to mind-reading. There is a love of travel and exploration of the physical world as well as of nature's finer realms. Nor are such people altogether dreamers, they have a strong will with excellent executive and organizing powers which will aid them in realizing their hopes, wishes and ambitions to rise in life and be at the forefront of whatever profession they select.
Uranus - Neptune|trine|Y|Neptune sextile or trine to Uranus gives inclination towards the occult or mystical side of life, and if either is placed in the Tenth House the person usually becomes a leader or authority in these lines, he wins at least local recognition and if other testimonies concur his fame will be national or international. Such aspects will bring direct touch with the spiritual world and success in dealing with the inhabitants of that plane. It is also productive of dreams and visions of a prophetic and inspirational nature. It strengthens the healing powers and will consequently enable the person to do a great deal of good for his suffering fellow-men. These aspects give a highly developed intuition which amounts almost to mind-reading. There is a love of travel and exploration of the physical world as well as of nature's finer realms. Nor are such people altogether dreamers, they have a strong will with excellent executive and organizing powers which will aid them in realizing their hopes, wishes and ambitions to rise in life and be at the forefront of whatever profession they select.
Uranus - Neptune|conjunction|Y|Neptune conjunction or parallel to Uranus are convertible aspects; if the planets are well placed by sign and otherwise well aspected, their effect will be similar to the sextile or trine, though not so pronounced, but if they are cadent weak by sign, and afflicted they are only a little less evil than when aspected by square or opposition.
Uranus - Neptune|quadrature|Y|Neptune square or opposition to Uranus brings underhanded, deceptive influences into the life which aim to undermine the reputation and make the person suffer scandal and public disfavor, sudden and unaccountable reverses in business are met with, or trouble in social affairs. there is the same love of travel and exploration as given by the good aspects but the person cannot accomplish his aims with the same facility, or if he does it is to his disadvantage and brings added trouble. He is also drawn towards the occult or mystic side of life, but his path is beset by dangers of mediumship and obsession and all through life he is filled with premonitions of danger and a vague dread of impending disaster which he can neither account for nor dispel by will or reason, hence uncertainty overshadows the life as a cloud and robs him of peace and contentment.
Uranus - Neptune|opposition|Y|Neptune square or opposition to Uranus brings underhanded, deceptive influences into the life which aim to undermine the reputation and make the person suffer scandal and public disfavor, sudden and unaccountable reverses in business are met with, or trouble in social affairs. there is the same love of travel and exploration as given by the good aspects but the person cannot accomplish his aims with the same facility, or if he does it is to his disadvantage and brings added trouble. He is also drawn towards the occult or mystic side of life, but his path is beset by dangers of mediumship and obsession and all through life he is filled with premonitions of danger and a vague dread of impending disaster which he can neither account for nor dispel by will or reason, hence uncertainty overshadows the life as a cloud and robs him of peace and contentment.
Moon - Venus|conjunction|Y|Venus parallel, conjunction, sextile or trine to the Moon. The Moon is significator of marriage for a man and therefore the good aspects between Venus, the planet of love, and the Moon are good indications of a happy marriage when they occur in a man's horoscope. But in a woman's horoscope these aspects operate upon the health, for the Moon is the plant of fecundity and has rule over the female functions in particular, which are so large a factor in the woman's health, and this is much strengthened by them. These aspects give oratorical ability with a fruitful imagination, a love of pleasure, music and art. They give an engaging personality, very attractive to the opposite sex because kindly, affectionate and sympathetic, and they tend to general success in life; though the finances may be fluctuating the person usually has sufficient for the day and the way.
Moon - Venus|sextil|Y|Venus parallel, conjunction, sextile or trine to the Moon. The Moon is significator of marriage for a man and therefore the good aspects between Venus, the planet of love, and the Moon are good indications of a happy marriage when they occur in a man's horoscope. But in a woman's horoscope these aspects operate upon the health, for the Moon is the plant of fecundity and has rule over the female functions in particular, which are so large a factor in the woman's health, and this is much strengthened by them. These aspects give oratorical ability with a fruitful imagination, a love of pleasure, music and art. They give an engaging personality, very attractive to the opposite sex because kindly, affectionate and sympathetic, and they tend to general success in life; though the finances may be fluctuating the person usually has sufficient for the day and the way.
Moon - Venus|trine|Y|Venus parallel, conjunction, sextile or trine to the Moon. The Moon is significator of marriage for a man and therefore the good aspects between Venus, the planet of love, and the Moon are good indications of a happy marriage when they occur in a man's horoscope. But in a woman's horoscope these aspects operate upon the health, for the Moon is the plant of fecundity and has rule over the female functions in particular, which are so large a factor in the woman's health, and this is much strengthened by them. These aspects give oratorical ability with a fruitful imagination, a love of pleasure, music and art. They give an engaging personality, very attractive to the opposite sex because kindly, affectionate and sympathetic, and they tend to general success in life; though the finances may be fluctuating the person usually has sufficient for the day and the way.
Moon - Venus|quadrature|Y|Venus square or opposition to the Moon is an indication of trouble in marriage for a man, because the wife described by an afflicted Venus will be slovenly and of dissolute habits which will destroy domestic happiness. In a woman's horoscope it indicates a disturbance of the female functions and also gives a tendency to digestive troubles and poor circulation when in the horoscope of either sex. These aspects also give a liability to slander and public scandal as the person so afflicted is fickle and inconstant in his affections, of a sensual nature which loves to flit from flower to flower regardless of the sorrows caused by playing with the heart of others.
Moon - Venus|opposition|Y|Venus square or opposition to the Moon is an indication of trouble in marriage for a man, because the wife described by an afflicted Venus will be slovenly and of dissolute habits which will destroy domestic happiness. In a woman's horoscope it indicates a disturbance of the female functions and also gives a tendency to digestive troubles and poor circulation when in the horoscope of either sex. These aspects also give a liability to slander and public scandal as the person so afflicted is fickle and inconstant in his affections, of a sensual nature which loves to flit from flower to flower regardless of the sorrows caused by playing with the heart of others.
Moon - Mercury|conjunction|Y|Mercury parallel, conjunction, sextile or trine to the Moon gives a receptive mind and a retentive memory, two very rare qualities and therefore these aspects, particularly the sextile and trine are good indications of success in life, especially in one of the mercurial occupations, literary, clerical or traveling. People with these configurations are usually very verbose, particularly if the conjunction or trine occurs in airy signs or a sign of voice, for then the power of expression reaches a superlative degree and such people become able linguists and elocutionists; but unless there is some steadying influence people with aspects of Mercury and the Moon are not reliable because of their tendency to change their minds repeatedly in the most unexpected manner. They are inclined to look upon the bright side of life and are fond of pleasure, particularly travel.
Moon - Mercury|sextil|Y|Mercury parallel, conjunction, sextile or trine to the Moon gives a receptive mind and a retentive memory, two very rare qualities and therefore these aspects, particularly the sextile and trine are good indications of success in life, especially in one of the mercurial occupations, literary, clerical or traveling. People with these configurations are usually very verbose, particularly if the conjunction or trine occurs in airy signs or a sign of voice, for then the power of expression reaches a superlative degree and such people become able linguists and elocutionists; but unless there is some steadying influence people with aspects of Mercury and the Moon are not reliable because of their tendency to change their minds repeatedly in the most unexpected manner. They are inclined to look upon the bright side of life and are fond of pleasure, particularly travel.
Moon - Mercury|trine|Y|Mercury parallel, conjunction, sextile or trine to the Moon gives a receptive mind and a retentive memory, two very rare qualities and therefore these aspects, particularly the sextile and trine are good indications of success in life, especially in one of the mercurial occupations, literary, clerical or traveling. People with these configurations are usually very verbose, particularly if the conjunction or trine occurs in airy signs or a sign of voice, for then the power of expression reaches a superlative degree and such people become able linguists and elocutionists; but unless there is some steadying influence people with aspects of Mercury and the Moon are not reliable because of their tendency to change their minds repeatedly in the most unexpected manner. They are inclined to look upon the bright side of life and are fond of pleasure, particularly travel.
Moon - Mercury|quadrature|Y|Mercury square or opposition to the Moon gives a poor memory and lack of mental stability with a tendency to indecision and worry, liability to brain storms and hysterics. These characteristics make the person unpopular and as the saying is "unlucky."
Moon - Mercury|opposition|Y|Mercury square or opposition to the Moon gives a poor memory and lack of mental stability with a tendency to indecision and worry, liability to brain storms and hysterics. These characteristics make the person unpopular and as the saying is "unlucky."
Moon - Saturn|sextil|Y|Saturn sextile or trine to the Moon imparts all the best saturnine qualities to the mind and makes the person self-reliant, serious, sober and systematic, careful and thrifty in business affairs and gives success in life through tactful and diplomatic dealings with others. Such people are eminently responsible and trust worthy in all matters of honor and justice and gain great esteem in the community on that account. Their patience and persistence are inexhaustible.
Moon - Saturn|trine|Y|Saturn sextile or trine to the Moon imparts all the best saturnine qualities to the mind and makes the person self-reliant, serious, sober and systematic, careful and thrifty in business affairs and gives success in life through tactful and diplomatic dealings with others. Such people are eminently responsible and trust worthy in all matters of honor and justice and gain great esteem in the community on that account. Their patience and persistence are inexhaustible.
Moon - Saturn|conjunction|Y|Saturn parallel to or conjunction with the Moon is not always to be classed as a bad aspect so far as the mental qualities go for in any case it depends the mind and gives greater power of concentration. If Saturn is strong by sign, in Libra or Capricorn, and the Moon is otherwise well-aspected, this position will also impart the virtues of Saturn though under all conditions it makes the mind gloomy and the person is subject to periodical spells of melancholy; but if Saturn is weak by sign, especially if he is in Aries and if the Moon is otherwise afflicted then his conjunction is to be judged and read the same as the square or opposition. The effect of the conjunction also depends upon the department of life we are considering: for instance, as already said, the conjunction of the Moon and Saturn is good for concentration of the mind, but bad for the digestion, particularly in a woman's horoscope; it has also the tendency to obstruct the menses with all that that implies, and in a man's horoscope it indicates the death of the marriage partner. Similar distinctions should be made when reading the conjunctions of the other so-called malefics.
Moon - Saturn|quadrature|Y|Saturn square or opposition to the Moon is one of the signatures of sorrow in life for it makes the mind melancholy and full of worries so that the person is constantly carrying an atmosphere of gloom with him, and as thoughts are things this attitude of mind brings about delays and disappointments in every department of life. Such a person will experience difficulties from people and things signified by Saturn, probably parents, and if he has money he may lose it and have difficult in getting more; thus he may be in poverty all his life. He will make more enemies than friends and become subject to slander and scandal, but the disfavor he meets is undoubtedly merited for these aspects make the mind bitter and selfish; such people are unscrupulous, avaricious and entirely unfeeling with respect to others, hence they are under the whiplash of Saturn that the sorrow and troubles which they themselves are constantly feeling may make them more mellow. If the aspect is six, five or even four degrees from being exact and if Saturn is in the exaltation sign Libra these aspects are not quite so evil in the latter part of life. They may then imply that the person has learned his lesson and as a consequence he may find himself in easier circumstances. The adverse aspects of Saturn to the Moon are very bad for the health, particularly in a woman's horoscope. There they indicate obstructions of the female functions. In the man's horoscope they either deny marriage or indicate the death of the marriage partner and their general tendency to obstruct everything connected with the houses and signs wherein they are placed in the horoscope.
Moon - Saturn|opposition|Y|Saturn square or opposition to the Moon is one of the signatures of sorrow in life for it makes the mind melancholy and full of worries so that the person is constantly carrying an atmosphere of gloom with him, and as thoughts are things this attitude of mind brings about delays and disappointments in every department of life. Such a person will experience difficulties from people and things signified by Saturn, probably parents, and if he has money he may lose it and have difficult in getting more; thus he may be in poverty all his life. He will make more enemies than friends and become subject to slander and scandal, but the disfavor he meets is undoubtedly merited for these aspects make the mind bitter and selfish; such people are unscrupulous, avaricious and entirely unfeeling with respect to others, hence they are under the whiplash of Saturn that the sorrow and troubles which they themselves are constantly feeling may make them more mellow. If the aspect is six, five or even four degrees from being exact and if Saturn is in the exaltation sign Libra these aspects are not quite so evil in the latter part of life. They may then imply that the person has learned his lesson and as a consequence he may find himself in easier circumstances. The adverse aspects of Saturn to the Moon are very bad for the health, particularly in a woman's horoscope. There they indicate obstructions of the female functions. In the man's horoscope they either deny marriage or indicate the death of the marriage partner and their general tendency to obstruct everything connected with the houses and signs wherein they are placed in the horoscope.
Moon - Jupiter|conjunction|Y|Jupiter parallel, conjunction, sextile or trine to the Moon gives an optimistic, noble and generous disposition. The open-hearted honesty, fairness and friendliness of such people make them universally popular. These aspects strengthen both the reasoning faculties and constitution; they give a strong mind in a strong body and hence a powerful personal magnetism which may be used to great advantage in healing the sick. They have lofty ideals and a fruitful imagination with the power of acquiring wealth which will grow greater if used in philanthropic enterprises of which these people are prone to dream. These are some of the best aspects in the gamut and make for general success in life both physically and spiritually.
Moon - Jupiter|sextil|Y|Jupiter parallel, conjunction, sextile or trine to the Moon gives an optimistic, noble and generous disposition. The open-hearted honesty, fairness and friendliness of such people make them universally popular. These aspects strengthen both the reasoning faculties and constitution; they give a strong mind in a strong body and hence a powerful personal magnetism which may be used to great advantage in healing the sick. They have lofty ideals and a fruitful imagination with the power of acquiring wealth which will grow greater if used in philanthropic enterprises of which these people are prone to dream. These are some of the best aspects in the gamut and make for general success in life both physically and spiritually.
Moon - Jupiter|trine|Y|Jupiter parallel, conjunction, sextile or trine to the Moon gives an optimistic, noble and generous disposition. The open-hearted honesty, fairness and friendliness of such people make them universally popular. These aspects strengthen both the reasoning faculties and constitution; they give a strong mind in a strong body and hence a powerful personal magnetism which may be used to great advantage in healing the sick. They have lofty ideals and a fruitful imagination with the power of acquiring wealth which will grow greater if used in philanthropic enterprises of which these people are prone to dream. These are some of the best aspects in the gamut and make for general success in life both physically and spiritually.
Moon - Jupiter|quadrature|Y|Jupiter square or opposition to the Moon impairs the reasoning faculties and brings the person trouble through litigation, lack of fore-thought and indecision or dishonesty. People with these aspects are too fond of ostentation and display, extravagant beyond their means and resources, prone to take desperate chances in gambling or speculation to rehabilitate their fortunes and doomed to loss, slander and sometimes bankruptcy on that account.  These aspects are also bad for health, in a woman's horoscope especially, indicating digestive and liver problems.
Moon - Jupiter|opposition|Y|Jupiter square or opposition to the Moon impairs the reasoning faculties and brings the person trouble through litigation, lack of fore-thought and indecision or dishonesty. People with these aspects are too fond of ostentation and display, extravagant beyond their means and resources, prone to take desperate chances in gambling or speculation to rehabilitate their fortunes and doomed to loss, slander and sometimes bankruptcy on that account.  These aspects are also bad for health, in a woman's horoscope especially, indicating digestive and liver problems.
Moon - Mars|sextil|Y|Mars sextile or trine to the Moon gives a wonderful vitality and a strong physique so that the person is able to overcome almost any tendencies to ill-health, all of which are overruled by these aspects. The power of endurance is increased to a maximum and the person can survive hardships to which people ordinarily succumb. They give a resolute, courageous, energetic and ambitious mind of a resourceful and eminently constructive turn' and they make the person quick but not precipitate in his decisions. Thus he gains the confidence and esteem of others and earns considerable money but the nature is extremely free and generous so that money does not stay by these people. They spend it almost as fast as they get it.
Moon - Mars|trine|Y|Mars sextile or trine to the Moon gives a wonderful vitality and a strong physique so that the person is able to overcome almost any tendencies to ill-health, all of which are overruled by these aspects. The power of endurance is increased to a maximum and the person can survive hardships to which people ordinarily succumb. They give a resolute, courageous, energetic and ambitious mind of a resourceful and eminently constructive turn' and they make the person quick but not precipitate in his decisions. Thus he gains the confidence and esteem of others and earns considerable money but the nature is extremely free and generous so that money does not stay by these people. They spend it almost as fast as they get it.
Moon - Mars|conjunction|Y|Mars conjunction or parallel to the Moon may be either good or bad according to the sex of the person and the department of life we are considering. It strengthens the health and the vitality, particularly in the horoscope of a woman. In the horoscope of a man it would indicate a robust marriage partner of a domineering nature. With respect to the mind it would make the person very impulsive, particularly if placed in one of the common signs or in the Third or Ninth Houses. It also gives a very bad temper but not so bad as the square or opposition. If Mars is in conjunction or parallel to the Moon in Scorpio there is an abnormal sexual desire which will not be denied particularly if Venus is there also. It makes the nature very restless and unsettled for it is like mixing fire and water. In watery signs it inclines to drink.
Moon - Mars|quadrature|Y|Mars square or opposition to the Moon gives a very quick temper with a tendency to hasty or impulsive expression and acts that may cause the person a great deal of sorrow and trouble. These people resent rules or regulations or any other measures that tend to curb their desires or the gratification of their appetites in whatever direction, but if they are in authority they are very domineering and exacting in their demands for instant obedience upon the part of others, nor do they hesitate to use whatever physical force may be necessary to compel obedience if they think they can do so without great danger to themselves. Sometimes they will even take desperate changes to satisfy their spite and having an improperly balanced mind they are foolhardy in their venturesomeness so that upon occasion they will attempt to do things which no one with a sane mind would try. On account of the foregoing consciousness such people make many enemies and cause a great deal of suffering to others, particularly among members of their immediate family who cannot very well get away from them. If these aspects occur in watery signs, particularly with Mars of the Moon in Pisces the person is also an inveterate drunkard. From that standpoint of health they give a tendency to fever and accidents, trouble with the generative organs and operations which are usually unnecessary. These people are exceedingly prodigal with their money and are habitual prevaricators.
Moon - Mars|opposition|Y|Mars square or opposition to the Moon gives a very quick temper with a tendency to hasty or impulsive expression and acts that may cause the person a great deal of sorrow and trouble. These people resent rules or regulations or any other measures that tend to curb their desires or the gratification of their appetites in whatever direction, but if they are in authority they are very domineering and exacting in their demands for instant obedience upon the part of others, nor do they hesitate to use whatever physical force may be necessary to compel obedience if they think they can do so without great danger to themselves. Sometimes they will even take desperate changes to satisfy their spite and having an improperly balanced mind they are foolhardy in their venturesomeness so that upon occasion they will attempt to do things which no one with a sane mind would try. On account of the foregoing consciousness such people make many enemies and cause a great deal of suffering to others, particularly among members of their immediate family who cannot very well get away from them. If these aspects occur in watery signs, particularly with Mars of the Moon in Pisces the person is also an inveterate drunkard. From that standpoint of health they give a tendency to fever and accidents, trouble with the generative organs and operations which are usually unnecessary. These people are exceedingly prodigal with their money and are habitual prevaricators.
Moon - Uranus|sextil|Y|Uranus sextile or trine to the Moon gives great originality and independence to the mind, which is quick, intuitive and very vivid in its imagination; hence the person has inventive ability and is attracted to the occult arts and endowed with hypnotic or magnetic powers, also the intuitional ability to study and practice astrology. If the life is devoted to electricity as a vocation the person will make a success of it. These aspects also give a peculiar fascination for the opposite sex and are likely to lead to a clandestine love affair or an unconventional union.
Moon - Uranus|trine|Y|Uranus sextile or trine to the Moon gives great originality and independence to the mind, which is quick, intuitive and very vivid in its imagination; hence the person has inventive ability and is attracted to the occult arts and endowed with hypnotic or magnetic powers, also the intuitional ability to study and practice astrology. If the life is devoted to electricity as a vocation the person will make a success of it. These aspects also give a peculiar fascination for the opposite sex and are likely to lead to a clandestine love affair or an unconventional union.
Moon - Uranus|conjunction|Y|Uranus conjunction or parallel to the Moon gives similar mental and psychic tendencies and also the same liability to irregular love-affairs as the good aspects but these tendencies are not so pronounced. A secrete love-affair generated under the conjunction of Uranus and the Moon may have directly disastrous results similar to those mentioned under the bad aspects. If the conjunction occurs in Cancer it tends to nervous indigestion; in Leo it inclines to palpitations of the heart, interferes with the rhythm of the heart-beat and gives a spasmodic action which will probably prove fatal when it has run its course. In Scorpio, it inclines to perverted practices, in Sagittarius the reflex action would be felt in the lungs and similarly with the other signs.
Moon - Uranus|quadrature|Y|Uranus square or opposition to the Moon makes the person erratic and touchy to a degree, a walking powder magazine ready to explode at any moment, overbearing, conceited, intolerant, and shunned by all who can possibly get out of his way. If such people are employers nobody can work for them and if they are employees nobody will have them. They never remain very long in any place, but are either discharged or give up their position on the slightest provocation. People with these aspects are attracted to the occult arts but they never make a success at them because of their erratic mentality. Like the other aspects of Uranus and the Moon the square or opposition also indicates a clandestine attachment either on the part of the person or the marriage partner. If it occurs in the Seventh House of a man's horoscope it proves the wife untrue so that public scandal and divorce will eventually ensue. The bad aspects of the Sun and Uranus give similar indications in the horoscope of a woman.
Moon - Uranus|opposition|Y|Uranus square or opposition to the Moon makes the person erratic and touchy to a degree, a walking powder magazine ready to explode at any moment, overbearing, conceited, intolerant, and shunned by all who can possibly get out of his way. If such people are employers nobody can work for them and if they are employees nobody will have them. They never remain very long in any place, but are either discharged or give up their position on the slightest provocation. People with these aspects are attracted to the occult arts but they never make a success at them because of their erratic mentality. Like the other aspects of Uranus and the Moon the square or opposition also indicates a clandestine attachment either on the part of the person or the marriage partner. If it occurs in the Seventh House of a man's horoscope it proves the wife untrue so that public scandal and divorce will eventually ensue. The bad aspects of the Sun and Uranus give similar indications in the horoscope of a woman.
Moon - Neptune|sextil|Y|Neptune sextile or trine to the Moon increases the faculty of imagination to a superlative degree, especially if either of the planets is in the Ninth House. Then it favors prophetic dreams and visions which bring the person in contact with the invisible worlds. It indicates ability in the occult arts and success in their practice for it makes the nature exceedingly inspirational and it also gives a kind and sympathetic disposition. The spiritual qualities mentioned may not be apparent even to the person himself but then they are latent and capable of development. It is also safe to say that at some time or other during the life people with these aspects will come in contact with and be very much attracted to the occult whether the qualities of the soul are subsequently developed or not.
Moon - Neptune|trine|Y|Neptune sextile or trine to the Moon increases the faculty of imagination to a superlative degree, especially if either of the planets is in the Ninth House. Then it favors prophetic dreams and visions which bring the person in contact with the invisible worlds. It indicates ability in the occult arts and success in their practice for it makes the nature exceedingly inspirational and it also gives a kind and sympathetic disposition. The spiritual qualities mentioned may not be apparent even to the person himself but then they are latent and capable of development. It is also safe to say that at some time or other during the life people with these aspects will come in contact with and be very much attracted to the occult whether the qualities of the soul are subsequently developed or not.
Moon - Neptune|conjunction|Y|Neptune conjunction or parallel Moon indicates the same strong psychic features as the good aspects, particularly if Neptune is placed in the psychic signs Cancer or Pisces. Those who were born with the good configurations of Neptune during the fourteen years when it was in the airy scientific sign Gemini are now conquering the air and perfecting scientific inventions which will make us marvel, but the children who have been born under favorable configurations during the fourteen years Neptune has been going through the psychic sign Cancer are now growing up around us as a band of mystics and when they have reached mature years they will astonish us with their spiritual insight and power. Among other things they will develop the soul of music.
Moon - Neptune|quadrature|Y|Neptune square or opposition to the Moon is also an indication of soul qualities similar to those of the good aspects, but under the former configurations the person will be of a negative nature and is apt to become the prey of spirit-controls and subjected to mediumship, therefore he should not attend seances.
Moon - Neptune|opposition|Y|Neptune square or opposition to the Moon is also an indication of soul qualities similar to those of the good aspects, but under the former configurations the person will be of a negative nature and is apt to become the prey of spirit-controls and subjected to mediumship, therefore he should not attend seances.
